My bike is stolen. My bike is gone. I'm just going to go for it. Frankie is stolen. Frankie is stolen. I walk outside. Only the bike cover is still there. Frankie is gone. But I have airtags. My bike is stolen. My bike is gone. It is here. It's not far. I have airtags on it. I was the goal. That's telephone from the police. You are police? No. You're not police. No, not police. I can't be telephone with you. It's moving. It's moving. I was also talking about it. It's a seara road. So let me just get the key but looks like Frankie is moving. Just so you know you cannot start Frankie right now without the key. People thought that from the videos it's only when you rewire with the second wiring room that you can start a bike without the key but right now it's not possible so that's not how they got her. I think I should go with police. Maybe not alone. I don't know. She's not far she's not far but now I have two notifications I have two airtags in her. I think one is not updating but it means they're moving. I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. But where is the police coming or? Yes. I'm going to go look for it now. I'm not going to wait here. I'm going to go look. I'm not going to stand here and wait. I'm going to go look for the police. Yeah. I want to go look for my motorbike. I want to go look for my motorbike, I know where it is I just want to go to the police Yeah but I am waiting and if they remove the tag I don't know where it is anymore Do you have a car? Yes, it's here But you have two tags One tag? Two tags So they already removed one tag See it's two different locations I call the manager I don't want to go to the police. No, I don't want to go to the police. Or I go alone. But I think it's better with the police, but they're not doing anything. It's either here or here. But they are moving it, I think. Or I don't know. It's here all the way. Yes. I don't have any money on me. I think it's next. Any police coming or not? No, no. Police. Just where you know about it. I think it's on the... It's on the... It's there There's a motorbike I think On the other side, I'll not wait For a place Yeah, I'm afraid Here? It's somewhere here In the number police column Yeah, I can play a sound But if it's inside then you won't hear it I think It's somewhere inside then Inside and... Where did it just come from? That wasn't there before Someone put some put my backpack. Can you believe that put this bike there? We'll put this back there Someone put it back. I swear oh frankly, what do they do? What what is this? They somehow carried her they broke my mirror. Can you believe that? Oh, they didn't break it. Okay See they put this it wasn't there right? They give it out of nowhere. So the thieves must be somewhere here. And saw me coming look for it. She seems fine. They didn't even take any of my stuff. They dropped, maybe they dropped it. They destroyed this. This is supposed to... They never drive it. Because this... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I thought I was going to go in. This is my ride. Yeah, here's the ears fine. Yeah. OK. OK, a small update. I am now walking. I just went back to the hotel. Frankie is safe now with that shop owner. I went back to the hotel to get a few tools and to grab my helmet just in case if I manage to fix Frankie, I can write her back to the hotel but it's very chaotic I'm trying to film it as I go but it's a little bit hard I'm still kind of a little bit shocked what happened but the story has become more clear because there's camera footage everywhere first so it's two guys who stole Frankie they got caught on camera just outside the hotel We are at the shop right now. Yes, we are at the shop. We are not going to the shop. did that maybe trying to get her started there something anyway so they were pulling Frankie with this motorbike so one guy on Frankie one guy on the other motorbike that was all caught on the security cameras of the shop the shop owner super nice he showed me but he told me that I couldn't film that because that's against the law so only like the police can see that there's something I don't know but he showed me and it was so clear to see so they came the one motorbike pulling Frankie and then they fell so that's why my mirror got all banked up so they fell on the left side then picked up Frankie and a bandit there they put her back up put her on the side stand and then left the bedcocks were still closed so that's why first I thought if they somehow minutes together started which I don't think they would have but anyway then maybe that's why they didn't get very far because they ran out of fuel because they didn't understand the pet parks but that was never the case they never got her started they were just pulling her but then yeah they caught all the wires so I should be able to switch to the second wiring, wiring room unless they also caught that one that I don't know and then ultimately Frankie should always be able to start but then I just don't have any lights so eventually that needs to be fixed then because I can't really go around writing without any lights on but anyway and now I'm just going back and see what I can do they didn't take anything else because I still had like a few bags on the bike with like non-essential stuff that I don't feel like dragging up and down hotel rooms every single day so it's like nothing of value and yeah they didn't take anything on the security footage you could see one guy he wanted I had like a dirty air filter and one of the side bags and he pulled that out looked at it stuff the back in and then they left and in the shop they told me that the police can there's cameras everywhere here so the camera that I watched was from the shop but the police also have cameras everywhere so yeah they could trace them exactly like where they went okay here she's now let's get to work okay here you can see the bit better but they just cut this main cable the number of wires that are cut 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,14 wires. They got 14 wires. Okay, they didn't go under the seat. This looks all normal. Okay, this also looks all normal. I didn't cut anything here. That's good. So all I need to do now right is to swap yellow and green with yellow and green here. Okay step one I've done so I've swapped these ones. Now I need to swap one wire which is on the new thing so I have to take off the gas tank again. I think I can fix it. Thank you. These are my new friends. What's your name? We still have a diamond in the bottom of the gate. And? The ball is good. From Scotland. That is Glasgow. Glasgow? Yeah. And they came all the way to help me from like a village, far away. Green village. Green village. And now they even brought me food. Yeah, we want to make sure you have a place to live. Thank you so much. Yeah, we are everywhere for everybody. Yeah. So nice. OK, so now I've clean up all the water. wires so these ones are swapped, this one is swapped and then the one underneath tank. Not only problem is to switch the bike off. I can't switch it off anymore because none of the electric work now so now I can start the bike without the key and this obviously doesn't do anything anymore. So now the only way to switch off the bike is unplugging this but yeah we're gonna forget it with Moritz I'm gonna try and find another solution but for now this is how I'm gonna do it. I just need to see if I can somehow do it so I can reach it a bit easier without having to take the seat off every time. Okay so I did it. Switching 4 cables right. Now Frankie is starting, Frankie is riding without a key, without a kill switch, no electricity, no lights, nothing, but at least I can get away and I can go back to the hotel. Anyway, I don't think on any other bike it would not have been possible to now just ride away. So I'm just obviously eternally grateful for Molleaks' clever plan to make this. I honestly never thought it would ever be necessary. But there you go. Um, yeah I'm just going back to the hotel now and then probably the game plan. Okay, I don't know what I did but I didn't connect my microphone properly to my home with camera. I'm sorry. So I don't have any audio. Anyway, I am startled back now. I kicked it and it started immediately on the first gig. Super happy. I'm riding back to the hotel and then as I tried to shift gear, I noticed that. My gear shifter is bent again, I have to be also from when they dropped frankly on the left side. So my gear shifter is bent and my clutch lever is also in a weight position because all of that kind of moved. And I noticed that my range act is gone. Remember my range act is which is kind of stuffed in between in the front. It's gone. I don't think that it on purpose, I think that they were maybe looking for the dashboard looking for wires and removed it and that's what I think. Okay I'm back at the hotel and remember I can't switch off the motorbike because no key and no kill switch. So all I can do is put it in neutral. So I put it in neutral and then I think it's there's an easier wire to remove. The one here at the what is that the ignition coil. So I take out the one wire from the ignition coil and then the bike also stops. Now I figured I'm not gonna leave anything up to fade so I'm taking off all my bags now because I'm gonna stay another night in the hotel. I'm not really up to leaving now so I'm taking off all my stuff, put the motorcycle cover back on, put it on an extra lock and then hopefully for the fine foot tonight. So I am back at the hotel. A couple of things I think I need to set straight. So first of all this morning when I thought that the bike was moving because the two airtags were at two different places was just because it wasn't properly updating or maybe it was because it was in between buildings that the location was a little bit off because in yet when I got there the bike was all intact. The bike was never moving at the moment that I start looking at it on the airtag. They already left, left her there and then the second thing is I was convinced this morning that that Frankie wasn't there yet when we arrived and that suddenly she was there which was also not the case they are already a band and they're like yeah about 6.30 in the morning and I got there at probably 8.30 or something so Frankie was already there for two hours and I could yeah when I saw the CCTV footage from the shop I was like oh she was there there was only just a car parked in front. So that's why we didn't like the guy who helped me this morning. By the way, I have no idea who he was. He didn't work at the hotel. I think he was a guest in the hotel or anyway. He was kind enough to walk with me, which I thought in the end was pretty nice because later I was thinking like, yeah, what if the guys who stole Frankie were still there? What was I supposed to do on my own? So anyway, I'm glad that he came with me. But anyway, While we were looking for Frankie, she was all the time just parked there, just hidden behind a car. And I think when we were like kind of walking around there, the car moved and then suddenly I saw Frankie. So that mystery is also solved. All the pieces of the puzzle are coming together. The unfortunate thing is because they cut 40 wires. They also cut the wire to the electric start, but it's only actually two wires to the electric starter. If I should be able to fix those two And then at least I have an electric starter again and I don't only have the rely on the kick starter, that's something I could try. Then step number two is I'm thinking of trying to make to buck that. You know you've seen in the last video you've seen the motorcycle district here, I could try it here, but it was circular. I have higher hopes for buck that. To find a good mechanic there. To fix all the wires, stick them all back together. Ultimately, I would need a new wiring loom. Like a completely new wiring loom because fixing why is back together is not really the best plan and it's just also because I still have a really long way to go. Like if I was almost there, you would be like, okay, I'm almost there but it's still very far so the best idea is to get an entire new wiring loom but I don't think I'm going to be able to send that to So for Iraq, the plan is I think now try to fix the two wires for the electric start myself. Then right to Baghdad, try to fix all the other wires. So my original wiring room is kind of fixed and in the meantime organized a new wiring room. And try to send that to a place where I can properly receive a parcel which is fast and that sort of thing. and another good mechanic and then yeah change out the entire wiring room so everything works like before so yeah it's crazy right I mean I'm it's unbelievable that I'm so riding the bike that's the advantage of a bike like this that it's possible to kickstart it and to ride it without any electricity that would not never have been possible otherwise it's just yeah it's just a shame that they cut the wires and I was speaking to some guys here and they said they were probably car thieves thinking that that would make them be able to start the bike because ultimately one mystery that still remains although maybe the police can track this down because as I said there's cameras everywhere so they can probably track them from the moment they left the hotel to where I found it by all these cameras everywhere, by anyway. anyway. Well, I got a little bit of story, sorry, my mind is like all over the place. Yeah, we think that they thought by cutting the wires, that's how they could start to buy, which is so stupid, like, that would never work on any motorcycle, right, to cut the wires, like that, and then think that, you know, the motorbike is going to start, it's so stupid, and And then I was so unnecessary anyway, really, really bloody stupid. And then, yeah, also that they fell down and when I was watching that footage in the shop, it's so sad that I couldn't film it because in a way it was kind of slapstick. Because you could see them coming, the small motorbike in front, pulling Frankie with another guy on Frankie. And then both of them came down in the middle of the street. And then they put Frankie back up. Like why didn't they just abandon Frankie like laying on the floor? No, they had to decency to put her back up and then you could see they were arguing for a little bit and then they just left on the one motorbike. But yeah, so yeah, it was just really stupid. I mean, what are they trying to achieve? I don't know, I don't know. Oh, I also forgot to say, in the end the police came. So when I was working on the bike, the police came with one car, three policemen and they also went into the shop and had a look at the CCTV footage. TV footage, I don't know if they copied it. They told me they were cursed, the guys in 48 hours. And I told them like, look, it's not for me, you know, I got my bike back and I'll deal with the wires and everything. They were like, do you want to come to the police station and make a statement and go to court and everything and I was like, absolutely not. Ultimately the conclusion was they never managed to ride Frankie. In that sense she's pretty well protected. So that was today, I didn't get anywhere. My plan was to ride about 300 kilometers today. It was going to be like the longest day riding in Iraq so far. I was like, let's finally, you know, get some distance going because I've been traveling pretty slowly so far. But I didn't get anywhere. So I'm gonna wash my hands again. It was pretty dark. And see if I can talk to to moor it about how if we can fix those two cables for the electric starter. If not, I can go with only the kick start. I'm glad I've been practicing the kick start so I can do it. I'm gonna end this video now. I'm just gonna say, didn't get anywhere but Frankie is back in my possession so I guess a happy ending after all. I really hope you like this episode. Even though it was a weird one. If you did please give a big thumbs up. subscribe down below and then I'll see you in the next video.
